Li Ming
Are you tired recently? Why did you eat so little just now?
It doesn't taste good recently.
You see, your career has also stabilized
Did you take He Yuxi?
Is our marriage on the agenda?
I don't want to rush
The story has just been transferred to the main store.
It will be higher later.
What wind is not risky?
Don't you forget
When you founded the story, Xingjiang City was struggling
Not a feather
West keeps saying nice things about you in front of me and his dad
Without us Down
Where is your story today, mom?
Can I tell you?
Yuxin is our pain from small to big
He can't stand the slightest grievance
Get married quickly
My company has something to do
It's your turn.
I'll go first
Mom, it's you, why don't you have a long memory?
Mom told you
The man has to hold it firmly in his hand
As soon as you let go, he's gone
Hey, you know
Mr. Gu
In recent years, the Tang family has always relied on the favor at the beginning
Point fingers at you
And keep doing small movements behind his back
Want to take the company's assets for themselves
Their faces just now
I can't stand it anymore
and
They also asked you to marry Miss Tang all the time
Don't care what you want
It's just too much.
Yeah.
After all, the Tang family did help me back then
There is no need to make enemies for yourself now
Since they are willing to wait
Just waiting
Then Mr. Guo, shall we go back to the company now?
Go to lee